Let's output some place data and let's do that in our discover area and the place detailed component
which is that page here there were outputting the description and then we have the book button.
Now wouldn't it be nice if we also saw a preview of the place here and the address so let's add a new
ion row here with an eye and column and that column will receive the same sizing as my other columns
do like this and I'll also add the padding attribute utility attribute here and now in that column I
want to output my address for that I'll add a new paragraph in here and then I'll I'll put place location
and now there we should have an address field because our if we check our location model our place location
model has the address field and that just is the location we store in a place.
Now let me copy that and let's add another ion row in there I want to output an eye an image and that
I an image here of course will now be bound to place location.
And then if we check our model again we have that static map image your l so it's that static map immaterial
which I target here.
So you yours output an image off that location.
Now for the proper styling I'll give it a class of location image here.
And therefore in the place detail page SC is as follows We can style location image and give this a
width of 100 percent a height of let's say 25 REM and a max height of 30 v age and an object fit of
covers so that this hopefully looks good let's save this and let's give it a try as does reloads
yeah here's our address and here's our map preview now there is some room for improvement.
First of all I want to center my address text let me add text center here and then there is a little
bit too much padding.
So on this page I'll actually target my paragraphs and I'll remove the margin.
Sorry I mean margin not padding.
So there is less space between these paragraphs.
So now as this reloads does looks way better.
And then there is our map which is of course nice but I actually don't want to have padding around that
map.
So here I'll remove the padding on that column that holds the image so that this takes a full with here.
There still is some padding and that can be avoided by explicitly adding no padding here to remove that
default padding that grid columns have otherwise.
And now it just takes the full with which looks nicer in my opinion also doesn't look too bad here on
a desktop device though of course you could consider adding some borders or drop shadows around the
image and the map here but it'll do for now you're don't want to turn this into a C as course what they
want to add though is that if we click that image here that we opened at mode again where we can't pick
a new place of course but where we can scroll around to see what's around that area and so on.